Remove Replit use in "Learning a New Language" > "Hello World" (#144)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-3: learning-another-language/hello-world.md

# Hello, World!

<!-- REPLIT-REMOVAL-UPDATE  -->
<!-- <iframe src="https://adaacademy.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Embed.aspx?id=1273d731-b286-4a6e-9b0c-ad4000f5c3d3&autoplay=false&offerviewer=true&showtitle=true&showbrand=false&start=0&interactivity=all" height="405" width="720" style="border: 1px solid #464646;" allowfullscreen allow="autoplay"></iframe> -->

## Introduction

A well-known exercise to accomplish when learning another programming language is "Hello, World!" We'll know we're successful if we see the text `Hello, World!` appear somewhere after running the code.

![A picture of Grumpy Cat with the text "Hello World" over it](../assets/learning-a-new-language_hello-world_grumpy-cat-hello-world.jpg)  
_Fig. Grumpy Cat sharing a "Hello World"_

## Running the Example Code

To run JavaScript code, we need to consider its _runtime environment_. A **runtime environment** is a set of technologies that determine _how_ to execute the code.

Some examples of runtime environments that can run JavaScript:

- The runtime environment of a web browser like Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)

> - Online REPLs like [replit.com](https://replit.com/)

Reviewer: I don't remember if this is this is the first place we discuss REPLs or not, but if it is, it's possible new terminology like this might feel a little out of the blue (I know I sometimes struggle when I don't know what an acronym stands for). What if we included a little bit of clarification like:

```suggestion
- Online language shells called Read-Eval-Print Loops (REPLs) like [replit.com](https://replit.com/)
```

Author: We do talk about REPLs early on in the Python curriculum, but it will have been a while since they've seen that, so a short refresh here could be helpful!

Our VS Code environment should be set up from a previous lesson, so we'll continue to practice writing and running code locally to get used to that development flow. 

> To kick off our JavaScript journey, we'll take a look at [this example repo containing a Hello World application](https://github.com/AdaGold/hello-world-js).

Reviewer: We link to the same repo twice within a sentence of each other. Wasn't sure if we needed to do that just in case students think they are two separate repos. 

```suggestion
To kick off our JavaScript journey, we'll take a look at an example repo containing a Hello World application.
```

Author: I had a similar feeling, but was waffling on changing it, I'm good removing the link here.
